Provided by Escala Ltd (www.escala.co.uk), on www.magical-readings.com

          Hamlet : Act 4 : Scene 6

SCENE VI. Another room in the castle.
  Direction: Enter HORATIO and a Servant
    HORATIO
        1  What are they that would speak with me?
    Servant
        2  Sailors, sir: they say they have letters for you.
    HORATIO
        3  Let them come in.
  Direction: Exit Servant
        4  I do not know from what part of the world
        5  I should be greeted, if not from Lord Hamlet.
  Direction: Enter Sailors
    First Sailor
        6  God bless you, sir.
    HORATIO
        7  Let him bless thee too.
    First Sailor
        8  He shall, sir, an't please him. There's a letter for
        9  you, sir; it comes from the ambassador that was
       10  bound for England; if your name be Horatio, as I am
       11  let to know it is.
    HORATIO
       12  [Reads] 'Horatio, when thou shalt have overlooked
       13  this, give these fellows some means to the king:
       14  they have letters for him. Ere we were two days old
       15  at sea, a pirate of very warlike appointment gave us
       16  chase. Finding ourselves too slow of sail, we put on
       17  a compelled valour, and in the grapple I boarded
       18  them: on the instant they got clear of our ship; so
       19  I alone became their prisoner. They have dealt with
       20  me like thieves of mercy: but they knew what they
       21  did; I am to do a good turn for them. Let the king
       22  have the letters I have sent; and repair thou to me
       23  with as much speed as thou wouldst fly death. I
       24  have words to speak in thine ear will make thee
       25  dumb; yet are they much too light for the bore of
       26  the matter. These good fellows will bring thee
       27  where I am. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern hold their
       28  course for England: of them I have much to tell
       29  thee. Farewell.
       30  'He that thou knowest thine, HAMLET.'
       31  Come, I will make you way for these your letters;
       32  And do't the speedier, that you may direct me
       33  To him from whom you brought them.
  Direction: Exeunt
